README: Add Communication section with Forum information (#243)
ansible-collections/cisco.asa: README.md

The Ansible Cisco ASA collection includes a variety of Ansible content to help automate the management of Cisco ASA firewall appliances.

## Communication

* Join the Ansible forum:
  * [Get Help](https://forum.ansible.com/c/help/6): get help or help others.

>   * [Posts tagged with 'your tag'](https://forum.ansible.com/tag/YOUR_TAG): subscribe to participate in collection-related conversations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [Posts tagged with 'security'](https://forum.ansible.com/tag/security): subscribe to participate in collection-related conversations.
```

>   * [Refer to your forum group here if exists](https://forum.ansible.com/g/): by joining the team you will automatically get subscribed to the posts tagged with [your group forum tag here](https://forum.ansible.com/tags).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [Ansible Network Automation Working Group](https://forum.ansible.com/g/network-wg): by joining the team you will automatically get subscribed to the posts tagged with [your group forum tag here](https://forum.ansible.com/tags/security).
```
